# Trey<>Kevin Follow Up — Transcript

**Date:** 2026-04-16 17:29
**Meeting ID:** 4911b350-3167-47bd-8b84-2f421fd2b3e9
**Speakers:** Trey Sisson, Kevin Chen

---

Hello? Can you hear me? Yep, again. Hey, how's it going? Trey? Good one second? There we go. How are you man? Hey, back in SD. I am. I don't know what day it is I'm still I'm still pretty jet lagged and messed up right now but. Yeah what is it 16, right? Thursday yeah. Yeah yeah I got back late Tuesday night and yeah Thursday here now so gonna be back but I'm still not I'm still not quite here. Nice. You know. How was the rest of the trip? It was awesome. Yeah last last bit of a trip was like four or five days in Rome and you know all the things you'd expect just pasta and gelato every day and walking around it was great weather it was it was awesome yeah. Okay. Nice you got any rocks for me because I'll be there in the next couple weeks. I do yeah I'll send you like have like my favorite meal that I had favorite coffee spot favorite gelato. Yeah. Okay. Nice. Have you been there? No it's my first time yeah. Yeah it was. It was cool we stayed in this neighborhood called prodty I want to say which is like kind of just east of the Vatican so it's a lot more like residential like none of the tourist stuff was there like the pantheon and the Trevy fountain and all that was like across this river and I think that was the right move it was like just a nice like quieter place to stay but then you know a 20 minute walk to a lot of the major stuff. Yeah. So it was cool. Nice I got like 48 hours there so let me give me give me your best stuff yeah. Yeah. Oh in and out okay what's on the docket if anything? Just call cm really that's it that's the only thing we planned yeah because that's yeah. Really. We actually bailed on the coliseum it was like on our last day and we were just like beat from everything we did I've seen it before and my dad he didn't seem to care so much about it so we're like all right we don't we don't have to do it we can go near it and take some pictures but we don't have to do the like three hour tour or whatever that we had planned. Oh really. Okay that makes sense yeah. Okay. Nice it's funny because that's that's literally the only thing I planned. It's good I mean it's worth it it's obviously like a spectacle I mean we spend a lot of time like in around the Vatican and stuff so it was it was a bit of a different experience. Yeah yeah. You know. A reminder to watch gladiator too. It's funny I after being around the batic and everything my sister and I were like we need to watch like da Vinci code and angels and demons and all these movies now that like we're like right up next to everything but yeah. Yeah yeah. No I'm like okay I'm going to download this for my flight I'm going to watch it. 48 hours why why why so quick. I'm doing cruise so I'm going from Barcelona to so we're hitting six seven different spots with this ship so starting with Barcelona ending on rome so we're doing two days in the starting destination two days in the final destination and we're sort of kept because my. Okay. My girlfriend's a doctor and she has only a two week vacation so we have to be within that range and that includes flying there in moment so you know. What are the other what are the other spots. Barcelona there's like I think nice I don't know there's some French places I couldn't I couldn't tell you I couldn't pronounce half of them but I think what else is on there there's something else on there. Florence Florence is on there yeah. Oh okay okay. Yeah that's a good one yeah. You got to get what's called Florentine steak. Okay. Which is. Like I forget what the cut of steak is but it's literally like a two pound steak that they're known for that comes from like a special cow in Tuscany and blah blah blah it's good you should get it. Yeah. And they'll have it like everywhere in Florence yeah. Okay. Yeah. Nice okay yeah I'm excited I haven't been to any of these countries it'll be my first. Oh nice nice. Yeah. Yeah. How's taiwan? Tone's been amazing you know we. Yeah it's a lot of family time here for me so I'm living with my brother and his kids are here so I'm really enjoying their company you know they're loud but it's it's fun when you're only here for a week or two so yeah I'm heading to China in a week on Sunday here so I'm just kind of enjoying my last days I get a lot of massages here which is good cuz I have horrible neck shoulder and back pain it's just it's. Yeah. Yeah. I'm on computer all day just bad puncture so it helps when it's everywhere. I feel. Right there with you how do you how do you deal with jet lag. I really don't deal with jet life. Because you know I'm pretty good at staying awake and also going to bed so usually I just I just write about yeah. It's no problem you mean. It's no problem it's no problem for me. It's never been a problem for me. Yeah because I you know I I like to think I'm in pretty good like health so I can stay awake for a long time or I can go to bed pretty easily like I don't have any problem falling asleep so you know that makes it easy cuz I'm I land at 5am I just stay awake until a normal hour and I go to bed. Yeah. I'm always good on that first day landing at 5am and like cool I make it through the day and then I'm just I wake up at 3 a.m. every day after that like for like a week. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's rough. That doesn't happen to me I just I'm good I just I knock out for 78 hours and I'm good yeah. What a what a gift. Well hopefully that stays yeah I mean as you get older you get worse at sleeping right so so that could be yeah I don't want to speak too early it could be a problem. Yeah yeah wait yeah give another five years we'll see we'll see how you're talking then yeah. Yeah. I do have access to bright light and melatonin which can alter my my state. I'm I'm I'm not above altering the state if if it helps yep. Yeah. You gotta you got a hard stop here now you shifted the time so I just want to make sure I'm aware. Yeah. I do have a hard stop I mean maybe flex a few minutes but yeah. So you have till 9 15 is that what time it yeah okay okay well can we get into it here. Something like. That. Yeah. Let's get into it. So yeah I guess before before I dive into some of the details on things. You know I just start by saying like I'm I'm super excited about this right I really wanted that call last week I want to be having this call I've been I've been super energized and excited since our first conversation you know I'm really drawn to this for a lot of the reasons we've already talked about but. Yep. You know working with you is a huge one and just the dynamic that I think that we have or will have is a big part of this for me the sort of uniqueness of the role I don't think this is like other COO roles I think there's a lot of compelling things about this that are scratching itches for me specifically the fact that I'm not coming in replacing anybody there's no other c-suite it's sort of this. Blank canvas operationally to come into and you know obviously tons of opportunity and lots to sink my teeth into interesting moment with AI and all this sort of stuff right a lot of things I'm super excited about. Perhaps the biggest thing is like given your plans for exit and the size and stage of the company like the fact that I think I can actually play like a key role in impacting that outcome is just another big checkbox for me. So so yeah all things that I'm really excited about I've been thinking about this a lot even before last week just like. What makes this compelling for both of us and like what. How do I want how do I want you to feel about this and how do I how do I want to feel obviously right I want I want you to feel like. I'm I'm the best person you've ever worked with right I want you to feel like I am fighting for the company as if it's my own right and that's a lot of just you know my background in there I want you to viscerally feel that right and if and when we get to the exit I want you to feel like you couldn't have done it without me. Right my my ultimate definition of success in this whole thing and again just the bias that I bring to this whole thing my ultimate definition of success is like I want to be the first person you call when you start the next company. So that that's sort of the standard and how I'm thinking about it and how I want you to feel right not not day one but hopefully day 100 and day 1000 right. Yep. I want to feel like I can do all those things I just described right that it's not a normal job that is not just a standard COO role that I'm plugging myself into and just checking the boxes on a JD. Right I want to feel like I can do all those things and then you know obviously that I'm fairly compensated and protected and they're the risk I'm taking and you know I'm super fired up about the potential outcome all those sort of things right. You know whatever the outcome is I want to feel what you feel. Right so you've mentioned this number 300 million a couple times that's a win for you you'd be really happy with that well it should be one for me too right 500 million is hitting it out of the park and you are super fired up about that awesome I want to be super fired up about it too right. So the reality is there's a there's a sort of tipping point there. Where the outcome for me my mentality shifts from you know that of an employee to have an owner. Right and when I'm in owner mode that's what I'm doing my best work that's when I'm running through the fire to do anything and everything possible at any moment right and that's the version of me that you want. So I'm bearing the lead here I'll pull pull stuff up and start getting into the numbers but you know I've done a ton of diligence on this I've. Over the last month or so I'd say I've just been talking to tons and tons of people a bunch of other C-level execs a bunch of coos particularly some some that have started jobs in the last year recruiters lawyers folks in PE like I'm really trying to get like a well-rounded perspective on this just to make sure I'm not like totally out of left field with stuff and that it's kind of rooted in in some truth with what's out there. And yeah again we'll get into all the numbers here so let me start sharing do I have sharing ability. I might. Not. Oh I do sorry. Giant. Green button right in front of me okay here we go. All right so these are the things I want to talk through can you see my screen? Hold on. I've lost. Oh. Here we go. Okay. All right so yeah I want to talk through these things and look I've started with. A much bigger list I'll just be honest with you these are ultimately the things that are that are most important that I think are super important in the process so again we'll get through all of them I think equity is by far the biggest piece but. Yeah I want to talk through these other ones as well. So first just a little bit of context on on how I'm approaching this and how I'm thinking about it right so I mentioned already but you've said it a few times now that you'd be really happy with 300 million. And so I'm treating that as my starting point here obviously we both want it to be much bigger than that but I have to sort of root this in what feels like a reasonable floor. Okay the the other big variable here is timing right and youd've mentioned this as well you you want it to be in the next couple years last conversation you said likely starting the process late 27 you know with six to 12 months so maybe closing you know mid to late 28 I get all that can change but at least I have to I have to frame things around the potential of when things might happen and at what level that might happen. Right I am very much looking at equity on its own like I totally get the the reason and the tendency to lump things together and have this like total comp conversations I personally don't look at it that way I think of equity as like that's the bet that's the thing that that's the longer term risk reward calculation that I'm making and so I separate those things out and so the numbers I'm walkthrough I'm very much intentionally separating them out because that's how I think about it and then ultimately I'm working backwards from a net take home number. It's got to hit the right balance of motivation obviously it needs to feel fair you know all the variables at play here but that's that that's how I'm thinking about it. Okay. So starting point here again 300 million this is just like the simple math given the way that you frame the the strike price in the fair market value so this is this is what it looks like for me currently okay and again I understand why you do phantom equity as well the reality is for me that's a that's a that's ordinary income it's Southern California brutal it's a big tax hit so the reality of this situation here a three let's say we do make it to three years or you know this happens in three years you know it's a little over a million bucks right and then if you know the the acceleration and the vesting is structured the way it currently is as well if it happens faster than that you know I'm taking a 20 40% hit on that 700k 900k or a million bucks if it goes beyond it so the reality is like. These numbers just aren't particularly exciting to be honest it just doesn't feel. Doesn't feel like ownership it's just it's just it's just missing something just to be frank these are some of my additional thoughts on the role again some of this we've talked about but these are things I very much view as beyond the sort of standard role which again is what excites me about this whole thing right so building that out the exact team from scratch right not just my direct reports but helping you to recruit and hire an interview the CFO the CMO of the head of international like whatever that team eventually looks like as well as the layer below that as well which we talked about a lot you know getting the business exit ready we've talked about that a lot haven't talked a ton about the detail of like the actual sale process. But look I don't want to be in the sidelines for that like I want to I want to be a part of that I want to help drive that you know as much as you allow or want me to support that but I very much view that as like probably alongside building out the team the second most important thing in the next few years is like that actual process which again is going to might take a year and then lastly we haven't talked about this a lot but you have mentioned or at least alluded to the fact that you don't necessarily want to stick around long after the exit which I totally understand but of course you want me or someone in my seat to stick around which I'm totally game for but I think a big part of this role is going to be you know twofold it's going to be all the work from day zero to exit and prepping the organization to allow for that. But I think it's also going to be like in the transaction process itself working with the future you know whoever it might be the strategic basically to convince them that the org is ready and can withstand you walking away more quickly than they might want because I don't expect it to be an easy ask on your part frankly of any acquirer I think they're going to want you to stick around and so I think there's going to be work for us both collectively to do to make that more of a reality for you and again I'm excited about all this like I'm very much interested in this but these are just like additional variables to me that are sort of beyond the traditional COO scope. Just just to comment on that I I am fully open to sticking around for the the two year or no more so getting the business in a place where it could live without me is kind of not that I wouldn't stick around now am I going to be working 80 hours a week probably not but you know that'll be a different setup. Okay. Good to know good to know either way the putting your giving yourself the optionality I think is important right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm fully expecting I'm full expecting that I'm going to stick around and that they're going to ask me to stick around for at least two years so yeah that's not my expectation yeah. Great. To be clear I'd rather have you around than not but yeah it's good to know. Yeah yeah no we're good. Okay. So I'll get to it here in a minute but I thought about what that number. That net take home number. Would need to be to give me that sort of mentality that like ownership mentality that the tipping point that I mentioned and ultimately where I landed on that number is is 4 million okay so this is where for me there's like a switch that is flipped that goes beyond you know the sort of personal family finance question is out of the way that box is checked and I can 100% like focus on building toward the exit and hopefully a much bigger exit and you know at this size again 300 million this is less than 3% of the total exit value now given what I said earlier where I want you to feel like you couldn't have done this without me that feels very very fair to me. Okay this is this is just contrasting that with the existing offer where it stands that's a lot that I've thrown at you just now so I'm I'm going to pause and let you ask any questions or or share any reactions to that. So let me just take a look. Sure. So you're saying post tax 4 million postdocs. Correct. Ultimately that's the number that matters to me. Okay. Right. And I'll send you all this stuff obviously you don't have. Yeah yeah I don't want to kind of answer you right commit to anything right now but let me let me take a look afterwards and just do the math so I'm not not promising anything I can deliver on. To. Totally yeah I'm not expecting. Immediate answers on this stuff. Okay. Okay so 4 million that's your number I got you. Again at that 300 million exit I want it to be bigger I think I'm motivated to to make that happen as are you but I need to sort of frame my my planning around this as well particularly because you've shared that a few times. Okay. That that's that's fine yeah it makes sense. I think you know and the timeline I think could happen. Sooner too really I mean I really as you know these things are hard to predict but within that time frame right so the sooner this the sooner the more per year right so which is a benefit but I'm with you I think. You know I want it to be exciting for you right it's it's I get it I completely get where you're coming from. Well that's a good segue into this next item which which is the change of control. So this one's very important to me because of all this timing right I. Yeah. Need this to be full acceleration and exit and I and I've really done my homework on this one this this is the standard way of doing things. Look ultimately I don't want to be in this like murky situation like a year and a half two years in where I don't want there to be an exit right like I think we should both have the same goal which is as big of an exit as early as possible and and if and when that does happen let's say two years from now. Again I would like to think I've been a huge part in enabling the business to even be in that position right and so I think you know adhering to the standard here makes sense. Yeah. Okay. Makes sense. So next one's cash. So there's a lot more data on this than equity frankly and you know I've seen numbers all over the place but over and over and over again I see this range either 350 to 450 30 to 400 3 to 450 just over and over again so you're in the range you're you know you're at market doesn't feel awesome to be at the bottom of that and so I would just I'd like to land at 350 if we can the bonus feels largely in line with market I just want to get a little bit better understanding of like the target setting process I know you've already done it for this year obviously but like what happens 12 months from now how does that work and what role or you know opinion do I have in that process. Yeah I mean real quick it's a company so. I think so the the goal setting process is top down and bottoms up here so really you know no sea level historically I sit down and I think about what I want the business to accomplish and we have a fractional CFO so we work with them on on that and then we build bottoms from a channel standpoint right what are the channel what DDC Amazon cost goes split what's a skew mix to build up to based on contribution margin so it's quite thoughtful and methodical so you you would be able to kind of participate in that of course given the role so it's not like Kevin goes in a room comes back with a number you know. Yeah. So that's a starting point but you know how we built up it's it's always collaborative and. And the idea of like the the way that you presented it. Of these like two EBIT thresholds is that company wide. Yes we always have a stretch goal. Yeah. Yeah but so everyone's bonus is tied to two eBay goals specifically. No only only high impact people that I offer it because like department leaders because you know the market manager doesn't they don't have that much for me to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. So I offer over performance incentives for the top. You can call it top KPI owners or critical KPI owners. Yeah okay. Yeah but when for those people I'm always but the structure is the same so it's we have a target we have a stretch and then we have a minimum. Yeah. Cool good to know. Yeah. Good. To know okay. Any other comments questions on cash. I mean cashes I know this is like the small piece equities really the big part so it's not it's not we don't need to go back and forth but it's 300 was kind of the number that came in a lot as we were kind of interviewing people just just for reference point so. Yeah. Okay. All. Righty. So next is severance because it's not something I plan to to be used but this is just another thing that kept coming up in all my conversations as well is just sustainer protection you know I don't want to be eight months from now and things have grown tremendously and I have some fear right that things are going to get cut out from underneath me. So this is one of these things where. You know some of these terms change of control vesting severance etc I do think are going to be the general expectation of any seasoned exec that comes in so some of this is also like if we're eventually going to set the precedent as we build out the team you know I just want to be a part of setting the precedent up front. You know. Sure. Lastly vesting I'm curious to hear the thinking on this I don't this is at the bottom of my list for a reason but I would like to be at the standard which is is four years by far I didn't know if this was tied to you wanting me to be here five years or this is just the way that you've done it with other employees but I'm curious to thinking there. This is just the standard that we did so I was just working with the same template. For you if it really doesn't matter right based on our conversations because well not doesn't matter but given the. The original 2x acceleration given the plans around exiting the two three year time frame the four or five year doesn't really matter because at two or two and a half years you're already fully fully busted right so. S. Acceleration. Well I partially agree I guess I'll say if that if that changes to full acceleration this becomes super moot right like the only the only scenario where this really matters the distinction between four and five years is if you don't sell a company for four or five years. Yeah. Right and you know I know that's not the plan so yeah again bottom of my list for a reason it's much more important to me to have the full acceleration. Than this and again that might be mood as well just based on how long it takes I don't know but I just don't want to be in a situation where again that that part is murky. You know. No that's fair yeah and one is a line incentive so it shouldn't the incentives in Korea we were structure where I want x you want y. Okay good that's good to hear good to hear so that's it's a summary I can send you the sheet and everything. But wanted to make sure I I shared all that and yeah just reiterating that I'd be super fired up about this right I'd be ready to go and excited. But wanted to make sure I could at least share my thought process there. Ea I appreciate it and I know you're very thoughtful about how you approach things in very detail oriented. So so I will make sure to kind of sit with the numbers make sure they make sense both directions and like I said I want this to be exciting for you right I don't I don't want to be the only person drinking Champagne celebrating at the end of the rainbow like that's not my goal right and not not just you like there's other people involved as well I want to make sure we can we can all feel good about this. So yeah I mean. Yeah listen I'm excited still let me take a look at the numbers I'll get back to let me talk to my advisors as well. And then yeah I mean I think I think it'd be it'd be great you know for you last time you remember we got caught off it was. Oh yeah yeah sorry that was like. Yeah we kind of like dropped off what I was going to say is I think I think this would it's aligned with kind of how I'm thinking about things you know I appreciate what you said about my next business you want to be the first person I call right and that's exactly how I'm thinking about this role. And. That's exactly what I'm thinking. Of this. I'm 35 I'm not done you know after this there's a lot more things. You never explicitly said that but I just. Oh I'm working till I die yeah that's that's yeah that that's clear to me money money is measuring stick it's not like you know like I get this ex out I don't need to worry obviously but like that's not that's not the motivation it hasn't been the motivation you know so so I do I do want that partner right for for for beyond this whatever two three four five year attorney whatever it is so that that is exactly how I'm thinking about this I'm very long term and same with the people on our team now right I'm definitely paying attention to who who am I bringing along to to the next thing right I know that that ultimately human capital is the the relationship capital is the biggest asset that that I have as an entrepreneur so so I'm certainly thinking that way and not being no not like oh once we're done I'm good not at all home think about it. Yeah. That's that's awesome to hear. Yeah and I think for you too I was thinking about it you know I know when we had dinner I talked about like hey I'm a little concerned in the sense of you haven't been to that scale right like I do have reservations right versus some of the other candidates I'm talking to who you know have been at the CO at three four five hundred million level but ultimately I decided to take a chance on you because I thought that someone with a good entrepreneur instinct in that mindset is someone I would bet on right maybe big bigger wildcard but maybe a higher variance of outcome as well in that in that sense. A million. Sure. To take. A chance on you because. I. M done. So and plus I enjoyed our conversations interactions and you know maybe the next thing this works out maybe the next thing you want to do your own thing right you talked about that in 10 year and that's fine and I was thinking about this would be a really good thing for you too no matter what you decide because if you can get like a nine figure outcome underneath your belt it's like something you get to pick with you to the next thing right whether it's your own thing or another position somewhere else so I feel like it could be a really good win-win in that sense like not just from a monetary standpoint but just experience of like scaling the largest or both of us are every day both of us we bring the biggest org we've ever done every single day which is yeah which is exciting it's also challenging but it's it's exciting. With. You to the next thing. Right. Here. Yeah. 100. Yeah. And I think for you too if we work something out here I think the other thing that I was going to say is there'll be a lot of education provided to you right I mentioned I would provide coaching and and whatnot just like invest in your growth just as much as I invest in my own growth. It would not. Be just like enough. Right I have a business coach I have a life coach I have a lot of things you know I don't I don't do this alone right so so yeah those are all the things I wanted to share in that first call to close but I didn't get to that I think there's so much more than just like the money and whatnot. Yeah. Yeah no I totally agree and I appreciate you saying that you know I've obviously thought about just yeah being a part of something like this. Yeah. You know sort of money aside would be an incredible experience and that and again that's that's part of the reason that I'm here having this conversation but again I just I just got to find that right balance right so I don't want to be I don't want to be two years from now or approaching an exit and. Like having regret in any way right I want to know like cool I can do this I was fired up from the get-go and and guess what we hadn't even better outcome than we planned and and I just feel incredible about it all the way around. You know. Cool I appreciate you you heard me out here. Yeah for sure gave a lot of thoughts so thanks thanks for being thoughtful around all this I know it's a it's a big decision for you and your family as well. So I don't take it lightly. Absolutely yeah well I'll I'll shoot you the the Excel and then you let me know when it makes sense to to chat. Yeah. We'll do. Sound good? I'll be I'll be in China next week but I'm sure I can find the time for us to sync up. Okay yeah just let me know I'm around. Or even over the over the weekend I'll let you know should you text and then we can go from there. Okay perfect perfect. Okay appreciate coming. See you. Have a good one.
